Llm dialogue docs (#12530)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/llms/llm-dialogue.mdx

## Motivation

Our approach aims to harness the strengths of both Large Language Models (LLMs)
and the control offered by business logic. This innovative blend enables you to
manage both the flexible and predictable aspects of dialogues within your
chatbot.

> By utilizing LLMs, we can effectively handle 'unhappy paths'—instances where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By utilizing LLMs, we can effectively handle ["unhappy paths"—instances](../glossary.mdx#happy--unhappy-paths) where
```

user interactions diverge from the expected or desired course. Meanwhile,

> business logic or 'Flows' are used to manage 'happy paths'—scenarios where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
business logic or 'Flows' are used to manage ["happy paths"—scenarios](../glossary.mdx#happy--unhappy-paths) where
```

interactions proceed as anticipated.

> Combining LLMs and Flows helps prevent "black box" behavior, whereby the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combining LLMs and Flows helps prevent "black box" behaviors, whereby the
```

chatbot's responses can seem inexplicable or out of control. With this method,
you only need to specify a minimal amount of business logic. At the same time,
it opens up a wide range of possibilities for customizing your chatbot's
dialogue behavior.

## Approach

Here's a breakdown of our approach:

- We specify 'happy paths' using business logic. This means setting out clear,
  pre-defined paths that the conversation should follow under ideal
  circumstances using [flows](../flows.mdx).
- We identify patterns of 'unhappy paths' and specify these using separate

>   Flows. These ["conversational patterns"](./unhappy-paths.mdx) define how the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Flows. These [conversational patterns](./unhappy-paths.mdx) define how the
```

  chatbot should respond when the user's input doesn't match the expected course
  of a flow.
- We use Flows to keep track of the conversation's state, ensuring we always
  know where we are in the dialogue and what's been covered.
- We employ LLMs to update the state of these Flows. These language models
  process user input, adjusting the conversation's course as needed.
- We use LLMs to [improve the chatbot's responses](./llm-nlg.mdx). These

>   language models generate the chatbot's responses, ensuring they're natural and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  language models generate the chatbot's responses, ensuring they feel natural and
```
